Add some useful endpoints to Admin API (#17948)
element-hq/synapse: docs/admin_api/user_admin_api.md

> ## List room memberships of a user

Reviewer: "membership" sounds more generic than what this endpoint does

```suggestion
## List joined rooms of a user
```

```suggestion
## List rooms that the user is joined to
```

```suggestion
## List joined membership of a user
```

> Gets a list of all `room_id` that a specific `user_id` is member. Optionally, get the list of all the rooms
> the user has joined after a given time, via the `from_ts` param. 

Reviewer: We already explain this in the parameters section and I don't see this sort of extra description for other endpoints.

```suggestion
Gets a list of all `room_id` that a specific `user_id` is joined to and is a member of (participating in).
```

The following parameters should be set in the URL:

- `user_id` - fully qualified: for example, `@user:server.com`.

> - `from_ts` - int. Optional. A timestamp in ms from the unix epoch - only rooms joined after the provided timestamp will be returned. Note: https://currentmillis.com/ is a useful tool for converting dates into timestamps and vice versa.

Reviewer: Needs wrapping

Author: Just clarify, the issue is that the line is too long?

Reviewer: Yes :+1:

- `user_id` - fully qualified: for example, `@user:server.com`.

The following parameters should be set as query parameters in the URL:

- `from_ts` - int. Optional. A timestamp in ms from the unix 
   epoch - only rooms joined after the provided timestamp will be returned.
   Note: https://currentmillis.com/ is a useful tool for converting dates
   into timestamps and vice versa.

**Response**

The following fields are returned in the JSON response body:

- `joined_rooms` - An array of `room_id`.
- `total` - Number of rooms.

## Get the number of invites sent by the user

Fetches the number of invites sent by the provided user ID across all rooms
after the given timestamp.

```
GET /_synapse/admin/v1/users/$user_id/sent_invite_count
```

**Parameters**

The following parameters should be set in the URL:

* `user_id`: fully qualified: for example, `@user:server.com`

The following parameters should be set as query parameters in the URL:

> * `from_ts`: int. A timestamp in ms from the unix epoch. Only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `from_ts`: int, required. A timestamp in ms from the unix epoch. Only
```

- `joined_rooms` - An array of `room_id`.
- `total` - Number of rooms.

## Get the number of invites sent by the user

Fetches the number of invites sent by the provided user ID across all rooms
after the given timestamp.

```
GET /_synapse/admin/v1/users/$user_id/sent_invite_count
```

**Parameters**

The following parameters should be set in the URL:

> 

Reviewer: Feels weird to combine the URL path substitutions with the query parameters but it looks like this file is full of prior art on this.

I see a few spots where we do this:

https://github.com/element-hq/synapse/blob/b257c7ab199f8c800254764d2ac5d4a9708ceaa2/docs/admin_api/user_admin_api.md#L921-L929

We could probably have another section for query parameters:

```
The following parameters should be set as query parameters in the URL:
```

Reviewer: The wording was changed :white_check_mark:

- `failed_redactions` - dictionary - the keys of the dict are event ids the process was unable to redact, if any, and the values are 
  the corresponding error that caused the redaction to fail

_Added in Synapse 1.116.0._

## Get the number of invites sent by the user in the last 24 hours

Fetches the count of the number of invites sent by the provided user ID across all rooms in the last 24 hours.

```
GET /_synapse/admin/v1/users/invite_count/$user_id
```

A response body like the following is returned:

```
{
  "invite_count": 30
}
```

> _Added in Synapse 1.120.0_

Reviewer: We could organize this next [`GET /_synapse/admin/v1/users/<user_id>/joined_rooms`](https://github.com/element-hq/synapse/blob/develop/docs/admin_api/user_admin_api.md#list-room-memberships-of-a-user) which seems slightly better than at the bottom of the file.

Reviewer: Thoughts? This still seems relevant

- `failed_redactions` - dictionary - the keys of the dict are event ids the process was unable to redact, if any, and the values are 
  the corresponding error that caused the redaction to fail

_Added in Synapse 1.116.0._

## Get the number of invites sent by the user in the last 24 hours

Fetches the number of invites sent by the provided user ID across all rooms in the last 24 hours.

```

> GET /_synapse/admin/v1/users/$user_id/invite_count

Reviewer: Clarify that these are invites that the user sent (as opposed to rooms that the user is invited to)

```suggestion
GET /_synapse/admin/v1/users/$user_id/sent_invite_count
```

Previous discussion: https://github.com/element-hq/synapse/pull/17948#discussion_r1851172719

Author: ah missed that, sorry! Have fixed.

> GET /_synapse/admin/v1/users/$user_id/invite_count

Reviewer: This suffers from the same non-obvious problem that it only looks at the past 24 hours from the URL problem (previous discussion: https://github.com/element-hq/synapse/pull/17948#discussion_r1851171791)

Configurable or updating the URL feels like the way forward.

Author: I've added a timestamp param, more flexibility means more utility, I think.

Reviewer: This has since been updated to `GET /_synapse/admin/v1/users/$user_id/sent_invite_count?from_ts=xxx`
